# My Color Picker Project </br>
<p>This is my coding project that I made while enrolled in a Udemy course by Colt Steele. It was a fun challenge, and was my first real brush with Javascript, in a way that I actually had to use critical thinking in order to accomplish the goal.</p></br>
<p>If you would like to check out the Web Developer Bootcamp by Colt Steele, follow this Udemy Link (https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/)</p></br></br>

## The Challenges I face with this project </br>
<p> The project contained simple functions involving Math.floor and Math.random, to obtain numbers that were later used as the inputs for the rgb values. I also utiliezed some basic if-else functions and event listeners. These were the easy parts. The hardest part was when I tried to change the text color, based off of the color (rgb value) returned to me.</p></br>
<p>In order to change the color of the text based off of the darkness of the rgb, I had to first understand how my function returned values. Meaning were they in an array? object? string? integer? Well, I found out that my functionw was returning an object with number as strings. Once I understood this, I was able to pass through another function which converted the object to an array, and parseInt those items to make them integers. At this point, I then was able to loop over the array to find the total. The total was then compared the a hardcoded "threshold" value which was used as the parameter for my if-else statement, to determine when and if the text color was changed</p></br>
<p>Once I understood that how a function was returning information to me, I was able to adjust accordingly! I leaned alot coding this project, as it forced me to be organized, use critical thinking, and a lot of problem solving/debugging.</p></br>
<p>Thank you for viewing my project, and enjoy the outcome. P.S. I enjoy constructive critizism, so please review my code and let me know where I could have improved.</p>
